translated new files in categories section (#32)
ZupIT/opensource-tech-radar: content/en/categories/tools/xcode.md

type="post"
layout="details"
isNew="true"
description="Source code editor."
+++

{{% tabs/group %}}
  {{% tabs/item id="0" title="What is it?" content="<p>Source code editor.</p>" %}}
  

>   {{% tabs/item id="1" title="Why?" content="<p>The Beagle team uses it to edit the source code, mainly on the Beagle iOS projects.</p>" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {{% tabs/item id="1" title="How we use it?" content="<p>The Beagle team uses it to edit the source code, mainly on the Beagle iOS projects.</p>" %}}
```
